Miss White, you've agreed to come to New York City Courthouse in nine days, proceedings
with custody.
It's not twenty minutes past nine.
Why aren't you here yet?
I'm sorry, I'm not available for the coming days, I'll contact you later.
I'm gonna get fucked today.
Alice, today is not a good day for divorce.
Why don't we try again another day?
I'll give you one hour, and if in one hour that woman doesn't show up, you'll dig your
own grave.
Get it to you.
Why aren't you here?
Attorney Purch's, I'm sorry, I did intend to show up, but something happened to my family.
But I had to deal with that, can we change you another day when I finish?
It won't take more than a few minutes.
How about you come and complete the paperwork, and then I'll be your driver.
I'm not in New York City right now, please stop calling me, I'll contact you while I'm
done.